Add release notes for Prototype Kit v9.11.0 (#961)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> # 9.11.0 (Patch release)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 9.11.0 (Feature release)
```
As we'll be releasing a feature release of GOVUK Frontend and we're changing the minor version in the version number (i.e: that middle number), this is a feature release rather than a patch release.

Author: @vanitabarrett Ah, I see...Thanks! :)

## Fixes

- [Pull request #938: Update Marked module to fix security issue](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/pull/938)

> - [Pull request #944: Fix typo that accidentally enables ghostMode](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/pull/944)

Reviewer 2: I wonder if there's anything more we could say about this change. Users reading the release notes might not know what ghostMode is but they might recognise the behaviour it alters. This is just a suggestion but maybe something like
> Disable [Browsersync ghostMode](https://browsersync.io/docs/options#option-ghostMode) to stop interactions being mirrored across tabs and devices

Reviewer 2: We could also move it to the top of the list as it potentially has the most impact on users of the kit.

> - [Pull request #944: Fix typo that accidentally enables ghostMode](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/pull/944)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Pull request #944: Disable Browsersync ghostMode to stop interactions being mirrored across tabs and devices](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/pull/944)
```
